The line broke in a list of incisions,
A woman at the table shuts her eyes,
Tuesday occupied his mouth, she said into it:
Through the room,
Light, as a word, refracts into misunderstanding,
Beneath a thought,
Shadows through every number,
The weather, again goes;
Before? no. The order remained. What fell?
They walked toward air, not enough there,
After, thoughts, occur,
It turns, words inside the temperature:
(___) elevator doors opening,
Is there one, coherent you:
Something hit, closed his eyes; miles away
At the seams of her retina,
Flooded, the streets in his eyeglasses,
On paper, air folded;
Bullets in a pocket,
"At length I returned",
Assuming content from the color red would never arrive,
Without holding, it falls,
Air moves through us, go ahead and shoot,
She text-messaged "pick a number,"
An empty number hit the ceiling:
Content exposed moisture in the cartridge,
"___" her eyes lacking the weather,
Their faces, all of them; rotating
No other red reflected off that kind of skin;
Where does a beat begin; how to measure what to give,
People scattered, by chance, they looked the same,
Took the pistol, shot at "herself" in double quotation; red roses &
Through the mouth, reloaded, repeated;
There, you could hear. Voices, in tandem,
Love, go ahead. Shoot through these words,
Somewhere, light; reflects off a page &
Dear gambler, how many words you've encountered:
Dear poet, how many words you've wasted:

broken wing, black text-message flapping
windows shut against the month, it goes; passes through clothes
projected against a cloth, it was. A projection of itself, or when she un-bottoned her blouse, the light switched on;
turn to stone, the word is a light one; heavy. Without eyes,
a pair of hands motioned toward the dealer. What cinematic fingers bet loosely, laid them there like tired piano keys;
the wheel without numbers. Some threw their bets from across the room, none of which landed; remained in suspension, the air is in odds with itself,
on the table, an identity card; someone had bet their identity on a square, walked away; her face weighed down by a few other hands. Themselves reflected from her description,
disfigured, a shadow takes a seat, removes the coat from its back; one sleeve inverted and left in a drawer,
an accumulation of limbs, all betting against each other; a foot. He placed his foot at the edge of red, a woman. She too left her face there, a pit of anger,
doubly, a movement of losses gaining definition, empties itself back into a hole of nothing, or a thumb and index finger making the air round,
an area code of where she was born, dropped onto a map; the operator transferring collect calls throughout midnight & a moon there:
cut the currency into non-refundable stars; paper multiplied in each other's eyes,
her bullets kept in the cartridge of the word "bullet"; his responding to the sky, laughter through nothing contained in "nothing",
or when a month takes advantage of its name, do the bodies respond; she walked through a crowd of coats suspended from a line, as if, by thread the story would unravel,
a population of interpretations broken in the mirror. He took the knife and cut a piece, placed it against his rib where a sentence still bled from a robbery down the street,
nothing there, the croupier leaned into her & said: place your eyelashes on a street. First, give up perception, then chance will fall like detachable rain,
she stood there, absorbing shapes, colors, & fonts; became a sign of the game. The croupier's voice stretched vertically in her iris, pigeons flying all around in his mouth,
the wheel projected over a patch of grass. Come stand on a number, she said,
numbers blinking on the board. "Don't get cute," she said,
with laughter occupying a black square. The light-bulb convulsively darkening;
a blankness emerged, shaping the red, making it turn to roses,
another cathedral pigeon explodes into various prayers. Habitually,
breaking the interface with tired weather:
pigeons flapping text-messages at one another in mid-flight,
how lovely the plastic & velveteen rose: Light!
what non-digital light cracks the lucid interface of a word; beneath her dress,
the dead alphabet stored in their throats, someone coughing up the appropriate punctuation to say:
1+1 = a person. "We're made of thoughts", she said,
following shadows on the concrete, a thought wavers without meter &
the pages folded mutely,
cupped his hand over her ear & said:
loosened his tie. The pattern turned to pigeons &
negotiate them properly, a barefoot metaphor walking inside the page,
break the image apart,
two hands around a throat without meaning.
her breath holding the breath of other players, on the first floor, all except the croupier's:
rain drops punctuating all over the ground, returning from other paragraphs,
the weight of a rose pulling down the word "rose",

inside an eye; the wheels locked, the temperature still through the room.
an eyelid caught in the bells of the slot machine.
others in a doorway cut in half; space cut in even squares, all this which determined the edge of the narrative.
in reverse, the ball landing where it came; the previous fall and the one behind it, a thought moving in several directions.
repeating chance, twice, in sequence. She sat there, intersecting a line with her mouth, a corner where the narrative formed and disappeared.
voices drafted in the dark, rehearsing the surface of their skin; lines on all their pockets.
words begin to unfold, the blinds drawn and even in the light.
bells in his pocket ring, soft beneath a bed of orphan numbers.
incessant and turning.
clouds shift into new phrases; how they move into an ear, little white coffins.
a blur of faces, marking the surface of an erasure.
from behind a window, content softly, delineated in the snow.
from behind the window, her forehead, piano keys forgotten in the snow.
carved on the wood of the wheel, did it make this projection of love concrete.
a shadow retires to check its voice-mail, buried in the snow.
from birth, do all the voice-mails return?
repeating it again to avoid death.
barely affording to remember how this all began.
go to sleep, love--go.
trace the sentence with a thousands fingers, make the pigeons fly.
follow the balloon in your head, called the number & fell to the carpet.
delete the balloons occupying the theatre in your retina
(wake up) for the last time.
his face too, approaching the end of a corridor, previous selves locked behind a door.
followed for several chapters. Footsteps exited the room when she wrote it, less words echoing in the dark.
lifted the wooden restraining order from a paragraph, a wind of content blowing leaves around his head.
thousands of light-bulbs scattered in the sky, both awoke. Turn them off, page by page.
"the night fitting in a word like a tiny headphone in your ear."
in single-quotation, his hands came from themselves. In time, hand turned into more people. We are made of half-persons, he said, "when you fuck with me, you fuck with you", kissing it hello.
the 2-hour parking, from 8am to 5pm, was to their advantage in creating a baby with combined syntax.
(___) is how much was forgotten.
[___] is the possibility of being without saying.
"scratch the surface of the weather with your heel," she said, tripping over a sound bite, his coattail caught in a door.
she hung from the wings, a chorus held tight in the chamber of her wrist.
documents shedding more light across their eyes. The audience too, eventually dies, without being underlined with a red ink pen.
somewhere again, headlights blinking when chance departs or when she walks away from the table, does it hit red at the shot of her.
the exterior body following an interior language.
the interior word contains a mute sky, intonation aligns at every edge



